Question: What is the name of the main character in Naruto?
Options: Naruto Uzumaki, Sasuke Uchiha, Kakashi Hatake, Sakura Haruno
Answer: Naruto Uzumaki

Question: In "Dragon Ball Z," what is Goku's original Saiyan name?
Options: Vegeta, Broly, Kakarot, Raditz
Answer: Kakarot

Question: In "One Piece," what is the name of Monkey D. Luffy's signature attack?
Options: Gum-Gum Pistol, Rasengan, Kamehameha, Spirit Gun
Answer: Gum-Gum Pistol

Question: In "Attack on Titan," which of the three walls is the outermost one?
Options: Wall Rose, Wall Sina, Wall Maria, Wall Sheena
Answer: Wall Maria

Question: What is the name of the notebook used by Light Yagami in "Death Note"?
Options: Soul Note, Life Note, Death Note, Shinigami's Journal
Answer: Death Note

Question: In "Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood," what is the ultimate goal of the Elric brothers?
Options: To become State Alchemists, To find the Philosopher's Stone, To defeat the Homunculi, To master alchemy
Answer: To find the Philosopher's Stone

Question: What is the name of Izuku Midoriya's Quirk in "My Hero Academia"?
Options: Explosion, Half-Cold Half-Hot, All For One, One For All
Answer: One For All

Question: In "Demon Slayer," what is the name of Tanjiro Kamado's sister?
Options: Kanao, Shinobu, Nezuko, Mitsuri
Answer: Nezuko

Question: Who is known as the "King of Curses" in "Jujutsu Kaisen"?
Options: Satoru Gojo, Yuji Itadori, Suguru Geto, Ryomen Sukuna
Answer: Ryomen Sukuna

Question: In "Hunter x Hunter," what is Gon Freecss's primary Nen category?
Options: Transmuter, Conjurer, Enhancer, Emitter
Answer: Enhancer

Question: What is the name of Ichigo Kurosaki's Zanpakuto in "Bleach"?
Options: Senbonzakura, Zangetsu, Hyorinmaru, Sode no Shirayuki
Answer: Zangetsu

Question: What is Saitama's hero name in "One-Punch Man"?
Options: Blast, Genos, Caped Baldy, Silver Fang
Answer: Caped Baldy

Question: In "Tokyo Ghoul," what is the name of the coffee shop where ghouls and humans interact?
Options: Big Girl, Anteiku, :re, Goat
Answer: Anteiku

Question: What is the name of the virtual reality game in the first season of "Sword Art Online"?
Options: ALfheim Online, Gun Gale Online, Underworld, Aincrad
Answer: Aincrad

Question: In "Steins;Gate," what is the name of the time machine created by Okabe Rintaro?
Options: Phone Microwave, Time Leap Machine, D-Mail, SERN
Answer: Phone Microwave

Question: Who is the main protagonist of "Code Geass"?
Options: Suzaku Kururugi, C.C., Lelouch vi Britannia, Kallen Stadtfeld
Answer: Lelouch vi Britannia

Question: In "Neon Genesis Evangelion," what are the giant bio-machines piloted by the children called?
Options: Angels, Jaegers, Evangelions, Gundams
Answer: Evangelions

Question: What is the name of the bounty hunter and main character of "Cowboy Bebop"?
Options: Jet Black, Spike Spiegel, Vicious, Ed
Answer: Spike Spiegel

Question: In "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Stardust Crusaders," what is the name of Jotaro Kujo's Stand?
Options: The World, Star Platinum, Magician's Red, Hierophant Green
Answer: Star Platinum

Question: What is the codename of the telepathic daughter in "Spy x Family"?
Options: Starlight Anya, Thorn Princess, Twilight, Anya Forger
Answer: Anya Forger

Question: In "Chainsaw Man," what kind of devil does Denji merge with?
Options: Gun Devil, Fox Devil, Chainsaw Devil, Bat Devil
Answer: Chainsaw Devil

Question: In "Haikyuu!!," what is the nickname for the duo of Shoyo Hinata and Tobio Kageyama?
Options: The Iron Wall, The King and his Pawn, The Freak Duo, The Crows
Answer: The Freak Duo

Question: What is the main character's primary goal in the first season of "Vinland Saga"?
Options: To find Vinland, To become a great warrior, To avenge his father, To serve King Canute
Answer: To avenge his father

Question: Who is the Fourth Hokage of the Hidden Leaf Village in "Naruto"?
Options: Hiruzen Sarutobi, Tobirama Senju, Hashirama Senju, Minato Namikaze
Answer: Minato Namikaze

Question: In "Dragon Ball Z," who is the prince of all Saiyans?
Options: Goku, Gohan, Vegeta, Broly
Answer: Vegeta

Question: In "One Piece," who is the swordsman of the Straw Hat Pirates?
Options: Sanji, Usopp, Roronoa Zoro, Franky
Answer: Roronoa Zoro

Question: Who is the commander of the Survey Corps in "Attack on Titan"?
Options: Levi Ackerman, Hange Zoë, Erwin Smith, Dot Pixis
Answer: Erwin Smith

Question: In "Death Note," what is the name of the Shinigami who dropped the notebook into the human world?
Options: Rem, Sidoh, Ryuk, Gelus
Answer: Ryuk

Question: What are the Homunculi named after in "Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood"?
Options: The Seven Virtues, The Twelve Apostles, The Seven Deadly Sins, The Greek Gods
Answer: The Seven Deadly Sins

Question: In "My Hero Academia," who is Izuku Midoriya's childhood friend and rival?
Options: Shoto Todoroki, Katsuki Bakugo, Tenya Iida, Eijiro Kirishima
Answer: Katsuki Bakugo

Question: In "Demon Slayer," what is the name of the organization that Tanjiro joins?
Options: The Hashira, The Twelve Kizuki, The Demon Slayer Corps, The Butterfly Mansion
Answer: The Demon Slayer Corps

Question: Who is the teacher of the main trio in "Jujutsu Kaisen"?
Options: Kento Nanami, Satoru Gojo, Masamichi Yaga, Suguru Geto
Answer: Satoru Gojo

Question: In "Hunter x Hunter," what is Killua Zoldyck's family famous for?
Options: Being Hunters, Being Nen masters, Being assassins, Being chefs
Answer: Being assassins

Question: Who is the captain of the 13th Division in "Bleach" at the start of the series?
Options: Byakuya Kuchiki, Jushiro Ukitake, Shunsui Kyoraku, Kenpachi Zaraki
Answer: Jushiro Ukitake

Question: In "One-Punch Man," what is Genos's classification?
Options: Esper, Martial Artist, Cyborg, Ninja
Answer: Cyborg

Question: What is the nickname of Ken Kaneki in "Tokyo Ghoul" after he accepts his ghoul side?
Options: The Owl, The Gourmet, Eyepatch, The Binge Eater
Answer: Eyepatch

Question: What is the main character's real name in "Code Geass"?
Options: Lelouch Lamperouge, Lelouch vi Britannia, Julius Kingsley, Zero
Answer: Lelouch vi Britannia

Question: In "Steins;Gate," what is the phrase Okabe Rintaro often says on the phone?
Options: Tuturu!, It's the choice of Steins Gate, El Psy Kongroo, I am mad scientist
Answer: El Psy Kongroo

Question: What is the name of Spike Spiegel's spaceship in "Cowboy Bebop"?
Options: Swordfish II, Red Tail, The Bebop, Hammerhead
Answer: The Bebop

Question: What is the name of the Joestar family's signature birthmark?
Options: A star-shaped birthmark, A cross-shaped birthmark, A crescent moon birthmark, A dragon-shaped birthmark
Answer: A star-shaped birthmark

Question: In "Spy x Family," what is the name of the secret police organization that Yor's brother works for?
Options: WISE, The Garden, State Security Service, Ostanian Intelligence
Answer: State Security Service

Question: In "Naruto Shippuden," who is the leader of the Akatsuki?
Options: Itachi Uchiha, Pain, Tobi, Orochimaru
Answer: Pain

Question: What is the name of the technique used to fuse two people in "Dragon Ball"?
Options: Potara Earrings, Metamoran Fusion Dance, Spirit Bomb, Kaio-ken
Answer: Metamoran Fusion Dance

Question: In "One Piece," what is Sanji's dream?
Options: To become the King of the Pirates, To find the All Blue, To map the entire world, To become the greatest swordsman
Answer: To find the All Blue

Question: Who is the Armored Titan in "Attack on Titan"?
Options: Eren Yeager, Bertholdt Hoover, Zeke Yeager, Reiner Braun
Answer: Reiner Braun

Question: What is L's real name in "Death Note"?
Options: Mihael Keehl, Nate River, L Lawliet, Beyond Birthday
Answer: L Lawliet

Question: In "Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood," what is Roy Mustang's nickname?
Options: The Strong Arm Alchemist, The Iron Blood Alchemist, The Flame Alchemist, The Fullmetal Alchemist
Answer: The Flame Alchemist

Question: Who is the number one hero at the beginning of "My Hero Academia"?
Options: Endeavor, Hawks, All Might, Best Jeanist
Answer: All Might

Question: In "Demon Slayer," who is the Insect Hashira?
Options: Mitsuri Kanroji, Shinobu Kocho, Kanao Tsuyuri, Giyu Tomioka
Answer: Shinobu Kocho

Question: What is Megumi Fushiguro's cursed technique in "Jujutsu Kaisen"?
Options: Cursed Speech, Straw Doll Technique, Ten Shadows Technique, Limitless
Answer: Ten Shadows Technique

Question: In "Hunter x Hunter," what weapon does Kurapika primarily use?
Options: A sword, A fishing rod, Knives, Chains
Answer: Chains

Question: What is the name of Rukia Kuchiki's brother in "Bleach"?
Options: Renji Abarai, Byakuya Kuchiki, Sosuke Aizen, Ichigo Kurosaki
Answer: Byakuya Kuchiki

Question: In "Mob Psycho 100," what is the name of Mob's mentor?
Options: Teruki Hanazawa, Dimple, Arataka Reigen, Ritsu Kageyama
Answer: Arataka Reigen

Question: What is the name of the main antagonist in "Gintama"?
Options: Takasugi Shinsuke, Kamui, Utsuro, Housen
Answer: Utsuro

Question: In "Haikyuu!!," what position does Tobio Kageyama play?
Options: Libero, Middle Blocker, Setter, Wing Spiker
Answer: Setter

Question: In "Vinland Saga," who killed Thors?
Options: Thorkell, Canute, Askeladd, Floki
Answer: Askeladd

Question: What is the name of the main female protagonist in "Your Lie in April"?
Options: Tsubaki Sawabe, Kaori Miyazono, Emi Igawa, Nagi Aiza
Answer: Kaori Miyazono

Question: In "Anohana: The Flower We Saw That Day," what is the nickname of the main female character, Meiko Honma?
Options: Anaru, Tsuruko, Poppo, Menma
Answer: Menma

Question: What city is the primary setting for "Durarara!!"?
Options: Shinjuku, Shibuya, Ikebukuro, Akihabara
Answer: Ikebukuro

Question: In "Kill la Kill," what is the name of Ryuko Matoi's sentient sailor uniform?
Options: Junketsu, Senketsu, Bakuzan, Mankanshoku
Answer: Senketsu

Question: What is the name of the guild the main characters belong to in "Fairy Tail"?
Options: Sabertooth, Lamia Scale, Fairy Tail, Blue Pegasus
Answer: Fairy Tail

Question: In "Naruto," what is the name of Kakashi Hatake's signature technique?
Options: Rasengan, Chidori, Shadow Clone Jutsu, Flying Raijin
Answer: Chidori

Question: In "Dragon Ball Super," who is the God of Destruction of Universe 7?
Options: Whis, Zeno, Beerus, Champa
Answer: Beerus

Question: In "One Piece," what type of Devil Fruit did Luffy eat?
Options: Logia, Zoan, Paramecia, Mythical Zoan
Answer: Paramecia

Question: In "Attack on Titan," what is Levi Ackerman's squad often called?
Options: The Garrison, The Military Police, The Cadet Corps, The Special Operations Squad
Answer: The Special Operations Squad

Question: What rule must be followed for the Death Note to work?
Options: You must know the person's age, You must know the person's face, You must know the person's blood type, You must know the person's full address
Answer: You must know the person's face

Question: In "Fullmetal Alchemist," what did Edward Elric lose in his attempt at human transmutation?
Options: His right arm and right leg, His left arm and left leg, His right arm and left leg, His left arm and right leg
Answer: His right arm and left leg

Question: What is the name of the school in "My Hero Academia"?
Options: Shiketsu High, U.A. High School, Ketsubutsu Academy, Seiai Academy
Answer: U.A. High School

Question: Who is the Hashira that uses Mist Breathing in "Demon Slayer"?
Options: Sanemi Shinazugawa, Muichiro Tokito, Obanai Iguro, Gyomei Himejima
Answer: Muichiro Tokito

Question: What rank of sorcerer is Yuji Itadori at the start of "Jujutsu Kaisen"?
Options: Grade 1, Special Grade, Grade 4, No Grade
Answer: No Grade

Question: In "Hunter x Hunter," who is the leader of the Phantom Troupe?
Options: Feitan, Hisoka, Chrollo Lucilfer, Illumi
Answer: Chrollo Lucilfer

Question: In "Bleach," what is the term for the "hollowfied" state of a Soul Reaper?
Options: Arrancar, Vasto Lorde, Vizard, Espada
Answer: Vizard

Question: In "One-Punch Man," what is the source of Saitama's power?
Options: A gift from God, A scientific experiment, Intense physical training, He was born with it
Answer: Intense physical training

Question: Who is the main character of "Psycho-Pass"?
Options: Shogo Makishima, Nobuchika Ginoza, Shinya Kogami, Akane Tsunemori
Answer: Akane Tsunemori

Question: In "Sword Art Online," what is Kirito's unique skill?
Options: Holy Sword, Dual Blades, Battle Healing, Infinite Spears
Answer: Dual Blades

Question: In "Code Geass," what is the power that Lelouch obtains?
Options: Telekinesis, Telepathy, Geass, Code
Answer: Geass

Question: In "Neon Genesis Evangelion," who is the First Child and pilot of Evangelion Unit-00?
Options: Asuka Langley Soryu, Shinji Ikari, Rei Ayanami, Kaworu Nagisa
Answer: Rei Ayanami

Question: In "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure," what is the name of the breathing technique used to fight vampires?
Options: Spin, Stand, Ripple (Hamon), Nen
Answer: Ripple (Hamon)

Question: What job does the mother, Yor Forger, have in "Spy x Family"?
Options: Doctor, Clerk, Assassin, Teacher
Answer: Assassin

Question: What is the name of the main female character in "Chainsaw Man" who is a Fiend?
Options: Makima, Himeno, Kobeni, Power
Answer: Power

Question: In "Haikyuu!!," what school is known as "The Iron Wall"?
Options: Aoba Johsai, Karasuno, Nekoma, Date Tech
Answer: Date Tech

Question: In "Naruto," who are the three legendary Sannin?
Options: Jiraiya, Tsunade, Orochimaru, Kakashi, Minato, Hiruzen, Danzo, Homura, Koharu, Jiraiya, Tsunade, Sakumo
Answer: Jiraiya, Tsunade, Orochimaru

Question: Who is the first major villain in "Dragon Ball Z"?
Options: Frieza, Cell, Raditz, Majin Buu
Answer: Raditz

Question: In "One Piece," what is Gol D. Roger's title?
Options: The Strongest Creature, The King of the Pirates, The World's Greatest Swordsman, Whitebeard
Answer: The King of the Pirates

Question: The story of "Attack on Titan" is set on what island?
Options: Marley, Eldia, Paradis, Hizuru
Answer: Paradis

Question: What is Misa Amane's Shinigami's name in "Death Note"?
Options: Ryuk, Sidoh, Gelus, Rem
Answer: Rem

Question: In "Fullmetal Alchemist," what is a state alchemist's silver pocket watch used for?
Options: To tell time, To amplify their alchemy, As proof of their status, To communicate with the military
Answer: To amplify their alchemy

Question: In "My Hero Academia," what is Shoto Todoroki's Quirk?
Options: Explosion, Creation, Engine, Half-Cold Half-Hot
Answer: Half-Cold Half-Hot

Question: Who is the creator of the Breathing Styles in "Demon Slayer"?
Options: Muzan Kibutsuji, Yoriichi Tsugikuni, Kokushibo, Tanjiro Kamado
Answer: Yoriichi Tsugikuni

Question: In "Jujutsu Kaisen," what is Panda?
Options: A cursed spirit, A cursed corpse, A shikigami, A transfigured human
Answer: A cursed corpse

Question: In "Hunter x Hunter," what is the name of the exam to become a professional Hunter?
Options: The Hunter Test, The Hunter Examination, The Nen Trial, The Celestial Tower
Answer: The Hunter Examination

Question: In "Bleach," what is the name of the world where Soul Reapers live?
Options: Hueco Mundo, The Human World, Soul Society, The Dangai
Answer: Soul Society

Question: In "Tokyo Ghoul," what does the acronym CCG stand for?
Options: Commission of Counter Ghoul, Central Control of Ghouls, Committee of Ghoul Catchers, Corporation for Controlling Ghouls
Answer: Commission of Counter Ghoul

Question: In "Steins;Gate," who is Suzuha Amane's father?
Options: Okabe Rintaro, Itaru "Daru" Hashida, Kurisu Makise, Yugo "Mr. Braun" Tennouji
Answer: Itaru "Daru" Hashida

Question: In "Code Geass," what country does Lelouch lead a rebellion against?
Options: The Chinese Federation, The Holy Britannian Empire, The Europia United, Japan
Answer: The Holy Britannian Empire

Question: In "Cowboy Bebop," what is the name of the data dog?
Options: Charlie, Ein, Max, Rush
Answer: Ein

Question: In "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Phantom Blood," who is the main antagonist?
Options: Kars, Yoshikage Kira, Diavolo, Dio Brando
Answer: Dio Brando

Question: What is the name of the family dog in "Spy x Family"?
Options: Max, Bolt, Bond, Lucky
Answer: Bond

Question: In "Chainsaw Man," who is the captain of the special squad Denji joins?
Options: Aki Hayakawa, Kishibe, Makima, Himeno
Answer: Makima

Question: Who is the "Ace" of the Karasuno High volleyball team in "Haikyuu!!"?
Options: Daichi Sawamura, Asahi Azumane, Ryunosuke Tanaka, Yu Nishinoya
Answer: Asahi Azumane

Question: In "Vinland Saga," what is the name of the elite group of Danish warriors that Thorfinn joins?
Options: Jomsvikings, Varangian Guard, Housecarls, Berserkers
Answer: Jomsvikings

Question: In "Naruto," what is the village hidden in the sand called?
Options: Konohagakure, Kirigakure, Sunagakure, Kumogakure
Answer: Sunagakure

Question: What is the name of the planet where Goku fights Frieza for the first time in "Dragon Ball Z"?
Options: Earth, Vegeta, Namek, Yardrat
Answer: Namek

Question: In "One Piece," what is the name of the World Government's ultimate military force?
Options: The Shichibukai, The Four Emperors, The Marines, The Cipher Pol
Answer: The Marines

Question: Who is the Beast Titan in "Attack on Titan"?
Options: Grisha Yeager, Eren Kruger, Zeke Yeager, Tom Ksaver
Answer: Zeke Yeager

Question: In "Death Note," who is the second person to act as "L"?
Options: Mello, Matt, Light Yagami, Near
Answer: Near

Question: In "Fullmetal Alchemist," what is Alphonse Elric's body for most of the series?
Options: A puppet, A suit of armor, A chimera, A homunculus
Answer: A suit of armor

Question: What is the name of the villain organization in "My Hero Academia"?
Options: The Meta Liberation Army, The Shie Hassaikai, The League of Villains, The Hero Public Safety Commission
Answer: The League of Villains

Question: What is the highest rank in the Demon Slayer Corps?
Options: Kinoe, Tsuchinoto, Hashira, Mizunoto
Answer: Hashira

Question: Who is the antagonist in the "Jujutsu Kaisen 0" movie?
Options: Mahito, Jogo, Suguru Geto, Toji Fushiguro
Answer: Suguru Geto

Question: In "Hunter x Hunter," what is the name of Hisoka's Nen ability?
Options: Skill Hunter, Bungee Gum, Jajanken, Dragon Head
Answer: Bungee Gum

Question: In "Bleach," who is the main antagonist of the Soul Society arc?
Options: Grimmjow Jaegerjaquez, Ulquiorra Cifer, Sosuke Aizen, Yhwach
Answer: Sosuke Aizen

Question: In "One-Punch Man," what is the name of the hero organization?
Options: The Hero Association, The Justice League, The Hero Society, The Public Safety Commission
Answer: The Hero Association

Question: In "Tokyo Ghoul," what is a ghoul's predatory organ called?
Options: Quinque, Kagune, Kakuja, Kakuhou
Answer: Kagune

Question: In "Sword Art Online," what is Asuna's nickname?
Options: The Black Swordsman, The Beater, The Flash, The Healer
Answer: The Flash

Question: In "Steins;Gate," what organization is pursuing the time machine?
Options: The Committee of 300, Stratfor, DURPA, SERN
Answer: SERN

Question: In "Evangelion," what is the NERV's ultimate goal?
Options: To defeat all Angels, To initiate the Third Impact, To achieve Human Instrumentality, To create new life
Answer: To achieve Human Instrumentality

Question: In "Cowboy Bebop," what is Faye Valentine's signature spacecraft?
Options: The Hammerhead, Red Tail, The Bebop, Swordfish II
Answer: Red Tail

Question: In "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Battle Tendency," who is the main protagonist?
Options: Jonathan Joestar, Joseph Joestar, Jotaro Kujo, Josuke Higashikata
Answer: Joseph Joestar

Question: What is the name of the school Anya attends in "Spy x Family"?
Options: Westalian Academy, Ostania University, Eden Academy, Berlint High
Answer: Eden Academy

Question: In "Naruto," which Tailed Beast is sealed inside Gaara?
Options: Nine-Tails (Kurama), Eight-Tails (Gyuki), One-Tail (Shukaku), Two-Tails (Matatabi)
Answer: One-Tail (Shukaku)

Question: In "Dragon Ball Z," who ultimately defeats Kid Buu?
Options: Vegeta, Gohan, Gotenks, Goku
Answer: Goku

Question: In "One Piece," who gave Shanks the scar over his eye?
Options: Dracule Mihawk, Gol D. Roger, Monkey D. Garp, Marshall D. Teach
Answer: Marshall D. Teach

Question: Who is the Female Titan in "Attack on Titan"?
Options: Ymir, Historia Reiss, Annie Leonhart, Pieck Finger
Answer: Annie Leonhart

Question: What is the real name of the main character in "Mob Psycho 100"?
Options: Arataka Reigen, Teruki Hanazawa, Ritsu Kageyama, Shigeo Kageyama
Answer: Shigeo Kageyama

Question: What is the name of the white-haired samurai protagonist in "Gintama"?
Options: Hijikata Toshiro, Sakata Gintoki, Katsura Kotarou, Okita Sougo
Answer: Sakata Gintoki

Question: In "My Hero Academia," who is the mentor of All Might?
Options: Gran Torino, Sir Nighteye, Nana Shimura, David Shield
Answer: Nana Shimura

Question: In "Demon Slayer," what is Zenitsu Agatsuma's primary breathing form?
Options: First Form, Second Form, Third Form, Fourth Form
Answer: First Form

Question: In "Jujutsu Kaisen," what is Satoru Gojo's Cursed Technique called?
Options: Limitless, Six Eyes, Cursed Speech, Ten Shadows
Answer: Limitless

Question: In "Hunter x Hunter," what type of animal is Gon's father, Ging?
Options: Boar, Dragon, Dog, He is human
Answer: He is human

Question: In "Death Note," how many days can the owner of a Death Note live if they make the eye deal with a Shinigami?
Options: Half their remaining lifespan, Exactly 13 days, They become immortal, A quarter of their remaining lifespan
Answer: Half their remaining lifespan

Question: In "Bleach," what is the name of the hollows that have gained Soul Reaper-like powers?
Options: Menos Grande, Adjuchas, Arrancar, Vasto Lorde
Answer: Arrancar

Question: Who is the "Mad Cyborg" that Genos is searching for in "One-Punch Man"?
Options: Metal Knight, Drive Knight, The Monster King Orochi, The cyborg is a mystery
Answer: The cyborg is a mystery

Question: In "Fullmetal Alchemist," what is the name of the country the story is set in?
Options: Xing, Drachma, Amestris, Creta
Answer: Amestris

Question: In "Code Geass," what is Lelouch's public identity as the leader of the Black Knights?
Options: The Knight of Seven, The Black King, Zero, The Masked Man
Answer: Zero

Question: What instrument does Kaori play in "Your Lie in April"?
Options: Piano, Cello, Violin, Flute
Answer: Violin

Question: In "Fairy Tail," what type of magic does Natsu Dragneel use?
Options: Ice-Make Magic, Fire Dragon Slayer Magic, Sky God Slayer Magic, Celestial Spirit Magic
Answer: Fire Dragon Slayer Magic

Question: In "Attack on Titan," what is the name of Eren's hometown district?
Options: Trost, Karanes, Shiganshina, Krolva
Answer: Shiganshina

Question: In "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Golden Wind," who is the protagonist?
Options: Jotaro Kujo, Josuke Higashikata, Giorno Giovanna, Jolyne Cujoh
Answer: Giorno Giovanna

Question: In "Naruto," what clan possesses the Sharingan?
Options: Hyuga Clan, Senju Clan, Uzumaki Clan, Uchiha Clan
Answer: Uchiha Clan

Question: In "Dragon Ball," what is the name of the eternal dragon summoned by the Earth's Dragon Balls?
Options: Porunga, Shenron, Super Shenron, Zalama
Answer: Shenron

Question: In "One Piece," where is the final island, Laugh Tale, located?
Options: At the end of the Grand Line, In the New World, In the East Blue, Atop the Red Line
Answer: At the end of the Grand Line

Question: What is the main ingredient of the pills Rize Kamishiro uses in "Re:ZERO"?
Options: Dragon's Blood, Witch's Miasma, Spirit Arts Crystals, Ground-up Metia
Answer: Dragon's Blood

Question: What is the name of the virtual world in "No Game No Life"?
Options: Aincrad, Disboard, The World, ALfheim
Answer: Disboard

Question: In "Erased," what is the main character Satoru's ability called?
Options: Time Leap, Revival, Backtrack, Flashback
Answer: Revival

Question: In "Toradora!," what is Taiga Aisaka's nickname?
Options: The Tiny Tiger, The Palmtop Tiger, The Feisty Tiger, The Pocket Tiger
Answer: The Palmtop Tiger

Question: What is the name of the cat-like creature that grants wishes in "Puella Magi Madoka Magica"?
Options: Mokona, Kero, Kyubey, Luna
Answer: Kyubey

Question: In "The Promised Neverland," what is the name of the orphanage the children live in?
Options: Grace Field House, Glory Bell, Grand Valley, Lambda 7214
Answer: Grace Field House

Question: What is the name of the titular character in "Mushishi"?
Options: Adashino, Tanyuu, Ginko, Isaza
Answer: Ginko

Question: In "Parasyte: The Maxim," what is the name of Shinichi Izumi's parasyte?
Options: Lefty, Migi, Para, Syte
Answer: Migi

Question: What is the name of the high school band in "K-On!"?
Options: After School Tea Time, Light Music Club, The Peggies, Scandal
Answer: After School Tea Time

Question: In "Clannad," what is the name of the play that Nagisa wants to perform?
Options: The Girl in the Illusionary World, The Dango Daikazoku, The Cat and the Girl, The Dragon's Tale
Answer: The Girl in the Illusionary World

Question: What is the primary sport featured in "Yuri!!! on Ice"?
Options: Swimming, Volleyball, Figure Skating, Basketball
Answer: Figure Skating

Question: In "Made in Abyss," what is the name of the giant, mysterious chasm?
Options: The Chasm, The Netherworld, The Great Hole, The Abyss
Answer: The Abyss

Question: What is the name of the main character in "Konosuba"?
Options: Satou Kazuma, Subaru Natsuki, Naofumi Iwatani, Ainz Ooal Gown
Answer: Satou Kazuma

Question: In "The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya," what is the name of the club Haruhi creates?
Options: The SOS Brigade, The Literature Club, The Mystery Club, The Supernatural Club
Answer: The SOS Brigade

Question: In "Gurren Lagann," what is the name of the main protagonist?
Options: Kamina, Simon, Kittan, Viral
Answer: Simon

Question: In "Samurai Champloo," who is the "samurai who smells of sunflowers"?
Options: Mugen, Jin, Fuu's father, A mysterious swordsman
Answer: A mysterious swordsman

Question: In "Hellsing Ultimate," what is the name of the organization Alucard works for?
Options: The Iscariot Organization, The Millennium Organization, The Hellsing Organization, The Vampire Council
Answer: The Hellsing Organization

Question: What is the name of the currency used in the world of "Cowboy Bebop"?
Options: Credits, Zeni, Woolong, Gil
Answer: Woolong

Question: In "Trigun," what is Vash the Stampede's nickname?
Options: The Angel of Death, The Humanoid Typhoon, The Crimson Gunman, The Desert Wanderer
Answer: The Humanoid Typhoon

Question: In "Berserk," what is the name of Guts' large sword?
Options: The Dragonslayer, The Executioner's Blade, The Greatsword, Rebellion
Answer: The Dragonslayer

Question: What is the name of the academy in "Little Witch Academia"?
Options: Hogwarts, Luna Nova Magical Academy, Royal Magic Academy, The Witch's Institute
Answer: Luna Nova Magical Academy

Question: In "Devilman Crybaby," what is the name of the main character who merges with a demon?
Options: Ryo Asuka, Miki Makimura, Akira Fudo, Koji Nagasaki
Answer: Akira Fudo

Question: In "The Disastrous Life of Saiki K.," what is Saiki's primary goal?
Options: To become popular, To live a normal, peaceful life, To take over the world, To help his friends
Answer: To live a normal, peaceful life

Question: What food does C.C. obsessively eat in "Code Geass"?
Options: Ramen, Burgers, Pizza, Sushi
Answer: Pizza

Question: In "Fullmetal Alchemist," what is the name of Winry Rockbell's specialty?
Options: Alchemy, Combat, Automail mechanics, Medicine
Answer: Automail mechanics

Question: In "Demon Slayer," what color is the standard Demon Slayer uniform?
Options: Black, White, Blue, Green
Answer: Black

Question: In "Jujutsu Kaisen," what is Nobara Kugisaki's weapon of choice?
Options: A sword, A hammer and nails, A spear, A gun
Answer: A hammer and nails

Question: In "My Hero Academia," what is the name of the school's principal?
Options: Shota Aizawa, All Might, Recovery Girl, Nezu
Answer: Nezu

Question: In "One Piece," what is the name of the shipwright for the Straw Hat Pirates?
Options: Franky, Usopp, Brook, Jinbe
Answer: Franky

Question: In "Naruto," what is the name of the toad that Jiraiya often summons?
Options: Gamabunta, Gamakichi, Gamatatsu, Shima
Answer: Gamabunta

Question: In "Dragon Ball Z," what is the name of Gohan's wife?
Options: Bulma, Chi-Chi, Videl, Android 18
Answer: Videl

Question: In "Attack on Titan," what substance is used to power the ODM gear?
Options: Coal, Pressurized Gas, Gunpowder, Electricity
Answer: Pressurized Gas

Question: In "Hunter x Hunter," who is Gon's best friend?
Options: Kurapika, Leorio, Hisoka, Killua
Answer: Killua

Question: In "Naruto," what is the name of Naruto's mother?
Options: Mikoto Uchiha, Kushina Uzumaki, Tsunade Senju, Kurenai Yuhi
Answer: Kushina Uzumaki

Question: In "Death Note," what is the name of L's successor who loves chocolate?
Options: Near, Mello, Matt, Roger
Answer: Mello

Question: In "One Piece," what is the name of the shipwright who built the Oro Jackson, Gol D. Roger's ship?
Options: Franky, Iceburg, Tom, Spandam
Answer: Tom

Question: In "My Hero Academia," what is All Might's real name?
Options: Enji Todoroki, Toshinori Yagi, Shota Aizawa, Hizashi Yamada
Answer: Toshinori Yagi

Question: In "Dragon Ball Z," what is the name of the technique that allows instantaneous travel?
Options: Kaio-ken, Solar Flare, Instant Transmission, Spirit Bomb
Answer: Instant Transmission

Question: In "Attack on Titan," what is the name of the substance that Titan shifters need to inject to transform?
Options: Spinal Fluid, Titan Serum, Potion, Elixir
Answer: Titan Serum

Question: In "Jujutsu Kaisen," what is the name of Maki Zenin's twin sister?
Options: Kasumi Miwa, Mai Zenin, Momo Nishimiya, Nobara Kugisaki
Answer: Mai Zenin

Question: In "Demon Slayer," who is the Hashira that uses Sound Breathing?
Options: Gyomei Himejima, Sanemi Shinazugawa, Tengen Uzui, Obanai Iguro
Answer: Tengen Uzui

Question: In "Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood," what is the name of the Ishvalan survivor who seeks revenge on State Alchemists?
Options: Scar, Basque Grand, Ling Yao, Miles
Answer: Scar

Question: In "Hunter x Hunter," what is the name of the card-based game set in the virtual world?
Options: Hunter Island, Greed Island, Nen Island, Yorknew Island
Answer: Greed Island

Question: In "Bleach," who is the Captain of the 6th Division of the Gotei 13?
Options: Gin Ichimaru, Byakuya Kuchiki, Toshiro Hitsugaya, Sajin Komamura
Answer: Byakuya Kuchiki

Question: In "One-Punch Man," what is the name of the S-Class Rank 1 hero?
Options: Tatsumaki, King, Blast, Silver Fang
Answer: Blast

Question: In "Black Clover," what kind of magic does Yuno use?
Options: Anti-Magic, Fire Magic, Water Magic, Wind Magic
Answer: Wind Magic

Question: In "Dr. Stone," what is Senku Ishigami's main goal?
Options: To conquer the world, To rebuild civilization with science, To find a cure for petrification, To live a simple life
Answer: To rebuild civilization with science

Question: In "Sailor Moon," what is the real name of Tuxedo Mask?
Options: Motoki Furuhata, Mamoru Chiba, Umino Gurio, Jadeite
Answer: Mamoru Chiba

Question: In "Yu Yu Hakusho," who is Yusuke Urameshi's primary rival?
Options: Hiei, Kurama, Kazuma Kuwabara, Genkai
Answer: Kazuma Kuwabara

Question: In "Inuyasha," what is the name of the powerful jewel that is the focus of the series?
Options: The Sacred Jewel, The Jewel of Four Souls, The Demon Jewel, The Priestess's Jewel
Answer: The Jewel of Four Souls

Question: In "Fire Force," what is Shinra Kusakabe's nickname?
Options: Knight King, Devil's Footprints, The Hero, Joker
Answer: Devil's Footprints

Question: In "That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime," what is the name of the protagonist's slime form?
Options: Veldora, Rimuru Tempest, Shizu, Benimaru
Answer: Rimuru Tempest

Question: In "Vinland Saga," what country is the protagonist Thorfinn from?
Options: Denmark, Norway, England, Iceland
Answer: Iceland

Question: In "Naruto," what is another name for the First Hokage, Hashirama Senju?
Options: The Professor, The God of Shinobi, The Yellow Flash, The Ghost of the Uchiha
Answer: The God of Shinobi

Question: In "Jojo's Bizarre Adventure," what is the name of Joseph Joestar's signature finishing move?
Options: Hermit Purple, Zoom Punch, Clacker Volley, Sunlight Yellow Overdrive
Answer: Clacker Volley

Question: In "Spy x Family," what is the name of the organization Loid Forger works for?
Options: WISE, The Garden, SSS, Ostanian Intelligence
Answer: WISE

Question: In "Code Geass," what is the name of Lelouch's younger sister?
Options: Euphemia, Cornelia, Nunnally, C.C.
Answer: Nunnally

Question: In "Steins;Gate," who is the creator of the Future Gadget Lab?
Options: Itaru Hashida, Kurisu Makise, Rintaro Okabe, Mayuri Shiina
Answer: Rintaro Okabe

Question: In "Sword Art Online," what is the name of the guild led by Asuna?
Options: Laughing Coffin, Knights of the Blood Oath, Divine Dragons Alliance, Fuurinkazan
Answer: Knights of the Blood Oath

Question: In "Violet Evergarden," what was Violet's role in the war?
Options: Nurse, Spy, Soldier, Messenger
Answer: Soldier

Question: In "Cowboy Bebop," what is Jet Black's former profession?
Options: Bounty Hunter, ISSP Police Officer, Gang Member, Musician
Answer: ISSP Police Officer

Question: In "One Piece," what is the name of Dracule Mihawk's sword?
Options: Wado Ichimonji, Shusui, Yoru, Sandai Kitetsu
Answer: Yoru

Question: In "Dragon Ball Super," who is the angel attendant of Beerus?
Options: Vados, Whis, The Grand Priest, Korn
Answer: Whis

Question: In "Attack on Titan," which branch of the military is responsible for patrolling and protecting the Walls?
Options: The Survey Corps, The Military Police Brigade, The Garrison Regiment, The Cadet Corps
Answer: The Garrison Regiment

Question: In "My Hero Academia," which hero has the Quirk "Fibermaster"?
Options: Mirko, Edgeshot, Best Jeanist, Hawks
Answer: Best Jeanist

Question: In "Demon Slayer," what is the family name of the Flame Hashira, Kyojuro?
Options: Uzui, Shinazugawa, Tomioka, Rengoku
Answer: Rengoku

Question: In "Jujutsu Kaisen," which finger does Yuji Itadori consume first?
Options: Sukuna's Right Index Finger, Sukuna's Left Index Finger, Sukuna's Right Thumb, Sukuna's Left Pinky
Answer: Sukuna's Right Index Finger

Question: In "Hunter x Hunter," what is the name of the musical test in the Hunter Exam?
Options: The Trick Tower, The Zevil Island Phase, The Cooking Test, The Music Box Test
Answer: The Music Box Test

Question: In "Bleach," what is the name of the final form of Ichigo's Bankai?
Options: Tensa Zangetsu, Mugetsu, Getsuga Tensho, Zangetsu
Answer: Tensa Zangetsu

Question: In "Fullmetal Alchemist," what is the name of the Führer of Amestris?
Options: King Bradley, Roy Mustang, Grumman, Olivier Armstrong
Answer: King Bradley

Question: In "Death Note," who is the original owner of the notebook that Light finds?
Options: Rem, Ryuk, Sidoh, Gelus
Answer: Sidoh

Question: In "Pokémon," who is Ash Ketchum's main rival from Pallet Town?
Options: Ritchie, Paul, Gary Oak, Trip
Answer: Gary Oak

Question: In "Digimon Adventure," what is the Crest of the main character, Tai Kamiya?
Options: Friendship, Knowledge, Courage, Love
Answer: Courage

Question: In "Fruits Basket," what animal does Kyo Soma transform into?
Options: Rat, Dog, Cat, Dragon
Answer: Cat

Question: In "Detective Conan," what is Shinichi Kudo's alias as a child?
Options: Heiji Hattori, Kaito Kid, Conan Edogawa, Kogoro Mouri
Answer: Conan Edogawa

Question: In "Overlord," what is the name of the guild Ainz Ooal Gown was the master of?
Options: Seraphim, Trinity, Ainz Ooal Gown, The Black Scripture
Answer: Ainz Ooal Gown

Question: In "Re:Zero," what is the name of the ability that allows Subaru to return to a point in the past upon dying?
Options: Return by Death, Checkpoint, Reversal, Time Leap
Answer: Return by Death

Question: In "Gintama," what is the name of the alien race that invaded Earth?
Options: Yato, Amanto, Shinra, Dakini
Answer: Amanto

Question: In "Haikyuu!!," what is the nickname of the Karasuno High School volleyball team?
Options: The Flightless Crows, The Iron Wall, The Cats, The Eagles
Answer: The Flightless Crows

Question: In "Chainsaw Man," what does the Fox Devil require as payment to be summoned by Aki?
Options: A piece of hair, A drop of blood, A piece of skin, A fingernail
Answer: A piece of skin

Question: In "Neon Genesis Evangelion," what is the official name of the event that caused worldwide catastrophe 15 years before the series?
Options: First Impact, Second Impact, Third Impact, The Cataclysm
Answer: Second Impact

Question: In "Naruto Shippuden," who was the first of the Akatsuki to be defeated by Naruto?
Options: Sasori, Deidara, Hidan, Kakuzu
Answer: Kakuzu

Question: In "One Piece," what is the name of the all-female pirate crew led by Boa Hancock?
Options: The Sun Pirates, The Rumbar Pirates, The Kuja Pirates, The Big Mom Pirates
Answer: The Kuja Pirates

Question: In "Dragon Ball Z," who teaches Goku the Kaio-ken and Spirit Bomb techniques?
Options: Master Roshi, King Kai, Kami, Piccolo
Answer: King Kai

Question: In "Attack on Titan," what is the name of Historia Reiss's true family?
Options: The Ackerman Family, The Fritz Family, The Reiss Family, The Tybur Family
Answer: The Fritz Family

Question: In "My Hero Academia," what is the name of the U.A. sports festival's final event?
Options: The Cavalry Battle, The Obstacle Race, The One-on-One Tournament, The Scavenger Hunt
Answer: The One-on-One Tournament

Question: In "Demon Slayer," what is Muzan Kibutsuji's primary goal?
Options: To conquer the world, To become the ultimate demon, To achieve immortality by conquering the sun, To destroy the Demon Slayer Corps
Answer: To achieve immortality by conquering the sun

Question: In "Jujutsu Kaisen," who is the "Cursed Womb: Death Painting" that allies with Yuji's group?
Options: Eso, Kechizu, Choso, Noritoshi Kamo
Answer: Choso

Question: In "Hunter x Hunter," who is the oldest member of the Zoldyck family?
Options: Zeno, Silva, Maha, Killua
Answer: Maha

Question: In "Bleach," which Espada holds the rank of #1 (Primera)?
Options: Baraggan Louisenbairn, Coyote Starrk, Tier Harribel, Ulquiorra Cifer
Answer: Coyote Starrk

Question: In "Fullmetal Alchemist," what is the name of the dog that was fused into a chimera with Nina Tucker?
Options: Black Hayate, Alexander, Den, Hanako
Answer: Alexander

Question: In "Death Note," what is the "shinigami eye" deal?
Options: Gain the eyes to see names and lifespans for half your life, Gain the eyes to kill with a look, Gain the eyes to control people, Gain the eyes to see the future
Answer: Gain the eyes to see names and lifespans for half your life

Question: In "Black Clover," who is the captain of the Black Bulls?
Options: William Vangeance, Fuegoleon Vermillion, Nozel Silva, Yami Sukehiro
Answer: Yami Sukehiro

Question: In "Dr. Stone," what is the name of the village Senku establishes?
Options: Stone Village, Science Village, Ishigami Village, Kingdom of Science
Answer: Ishigami Village

Question: In "Sailor Moon," what is Sailor Jupiter's real name?
Options: Ami Mizuno, Rei Hino, Makoto Kino, Minako Aino
Answer: Makoto Kino

Question: In "Yu Yu Hakusho," what is the name of the tournament that the main characters participate in during the second major arc?
Options: The Demon World Tournament, The Dark Tournament, The Genkai Tournament, The Spirit Detective Tournament
Answer: The Dark Tournament

Question: In "Inuyasha," who is Sesshomaru's loyal demon servant?
Options: Myoga, Jaken, Shippo, Kohaku
Answer: Jaken

Question: In "Fire Force," what generation of pyrokinetic is Shinra?
Options: First Generation, Second Generation, Third Generation, Fourth Generation
Answer: Third Generation

Question: In "That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime," what is the name of the storm dragon Rimuru befriends and names?
Options: Ifrit, Veldora, Charybdis, Diablo
Answer: Veldora

Question: In "Vinland Saga," who is the king of the Danes during the main part of the first season?
Options: Canute, Sweyn Forkbeard, Harald Bluetooth, Gorm the Old
Answer: Sweyn Forkbeard

Question: In "Jojo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond is Unbreakable," what is the name of the main antagonist?
Options: Dio Brando, Kars, Diavolo, Yoshikage Kira
Answer: Yoshikage Kira

Question: In "Spy x Family," what is the name of the prestigious school Anya is trying to get into?
Options: Westalis Academy, Ostania University, Berlint High School, Eden Academy
Answer: Eden Academy

Question: In "Code Geass," what is the name of the mobile armored knight used in battle?
Options: Gundam, Evangelion, Knightmare Frame, Jaeger
Answer: Knightmare Frame

Question: In "Steins;Gate," what is the nickname Mayuri gives to herself?
Options: Mayushii, Mayu-chan, Mayu-rin, Mayu-tan
Answer: Mayushii

Question: In "Sword Art Online," what does "Beater" mean?
Options: A player who beats the game, A beta tester and a cheater, A powerful monster, A type of sword skill
Answer: A beta tester and a cheter

Question: In "Violet Evergarden," what is the name of the company Violet works for?
Options: Leiden Postal Service, CH Postal Company, The Memory Company, Evergarden Letters
Answer: CH Postal Company

Question: In "Cowboy Bebop," what type of martial art does Spike Spiegel practice?
Options: Karate, Kung Fu, Jeet Kune Do, Taekwondo
Answer: Jeet Kune Do

Question: In "One Piece," what is the name of the ancient language inscribed on the Poneglyphs?
Options: The Ancient Script, The Will of D, The Old Tongue, The Language of the Void
Answer: The Ancient Script

Question: In "Dragon Ball Z," who is Cooler in relation to Frieza?
Options: His father, His brother, His son, His cousin
Answer: His brother

Question: In "Attack on Titan," what is the name of the military's commander-in-chief?
Options: Erwin Smith, Dot Pixis, Nile Dawk, Dhalis Zachary
Answer: Dhalis Zachary

Question: In "My Hero Academia," who is the Pro Hero known as the "Rabbit Hero"?
Options: Mt. Lady, Ryukyu, Mirko, Midnight
Answer: Mirko

Question: In "Demon Slayer," what is the name of the mountain where Tanjiro fights the spider family?
Options: Mount Natagumo, Mount Fujikasane, Mount Kumotori, Mount Sagiri
Answer: Mount Natagumo

Question: In "Jujutsu Kaisen," what is Toge Inumaki's Cursed Technique?
Options: Ten Shadows Technique, Cursed Speech, Limitless, Straw Doll Technique
Answer: Cursed Speech

Question: In "Hunter x Hunter," what is the name of the deadly toxin-filled assassins' test at the Zoldyck estate?
Options: The Butler Gauntlet, The Testing Gate, The Hunter's Challenge, The Assassin's Rite
Answer: The Testing Gate

Question: In "Bleach," who is the creator of the Hōgyoku?
Options: Sosuke Aizen, Kisuke Urahara, Mayuri Kurotsuchi, Shigekuni Yamamoto
Answer: Kisuke Urahara

Question: In "Fullmetal Alchemist," which Homunculus can regenerate from nearly any wound?
Options: Envy, Lust, Greed, Pride
Answer: Greed

Question: In "Death Note," what is the maximum number of days one can detail a death in the notebook?
Options: 7 days, 13 days, 23 days, 30 days
Answer: 23 days

Question: In "Pokémon," which of these is not an original starter Pokémon?
Options: Bulbasaur, Charmander, Squirtle, Pikachu
Answer: Pikachu

Question: In "Fruits Basket," what is the name of the family afflicted by the zodiac curse?
Options: The Honda family, The Uotani family, The Hanajima family, The Soma family
Answer: The Soma family

Question: In "Detective Conan," what organization is responsible for shrinking Shinichi?
Options: The Magic Kaito gang, The Black Organization, The Men in Black, The Syndicate
Answer: The Black Organization

Question: In "Re:Zero," what is the name of the half-elf girl Subaru is devoted to?
Options: Rem, Ram, Emilia, Beatrice
Answer: Emilia

Question: In "Gintama," what is Gintoki's signature weapon?
Options: A real katana, A wooden bokuto, A steel pipe, His fists
Answer: A wooden bokuto

Question: In "Haikyuu!!," what is the position of Yu Nishinoya?
Options: Setter, Wing Spiker, Libero, Middle Blocker
Answer: Libero

Question: In "Chainsaw Man," what is Makima the devil of?
Options: Fear, Death, Control, Blood
Answer: Control


